efs-vrack-compatibility (#7567)
ovh/docs: pages/storage_and_backup/file_storage/enterprise_file_storage/netapp_faq/guide.en-ca.md

### Can Enterprise File Storage be managed from the OVHcloud Control Panel?

> Yes, you can access this service directly from your [OVHcloud Control Panel](https://ca.ovh.com/auth/?action=gotomanager&from=https://www.ovh.com.au/&ovhSubsidiary=au) by going to the `Bare Metal Cloud`{.action} section, then `Storage and Backup`{.action}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Yes, you can access this service directly from your [OVHcloud Control Panel](/links/manager) by going to the `Bare Metal Cloud`{.action} section, then `Storage and Backup`{.action}.
```

## Go further

> If you need training or technical assistance to implement our solutions, contact your sales representative or click on [this link](https://www.ovhcloud.com/en-au/professional-services/) to get a quote and ask our Professional Services experts for assisting you on your specific use case of your project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need training or technical assistance to implement our solutions, contact your sales representative or click on [this link](/links/professional-services) to get a quote and ask our Professional Services experts for assisting you on your specific use case of your project.
```
